apps/site/app/docs/[lib]/player/[4]styling/.tables/attrs-table.md, before:

| Attribute             | Description                                        |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `data-autoplay`       | Autoplay has successfully started.                 |
| `data-autoplay-error` | Autoplay has failed to start.                      |
| `data-can-load`       | Media can begin loading.                           |
| `data-can-play`       | Media is ready to be played.                       |
| `data-can-fullscreen` | Media fullscreen is available.                     |
| `data-ended`          | Playback has reached the end.                      |
| `data-error`          | Issue with media loading/playback.                 |
| `data-fullscreen`     | Media is in fullscreen mode.                       |
| `data-user-idle`      | User is not active during playback.                |
| `data-loop`           | Media is set to loop back to start on end.         |
| `data-live`           | Media is a live stream.                            |
| `data-live-edge`      | Current time is at the live edge.                  |
| `data-muted`          | Media is muted.                                    |
| `data-paused`         | Playback is in a paused state.                     |
| `data-playing`        | Playback has started or resumed.                   |
| `data-playsinline`    | Media should play inline by default (iOS Safari).  |
| `data-seeking`        | Media or user is seeking to new playback position. |
| `data-started`        | Media playback has started.                        |
| `data-waiting`        | Media is waiting for more data (i.e., buffering).  |
| `data-ios-controls`   | iOS media controls are visible.                    |

Commit message:

feat(vidstack): picture-in-picture support
closes #21

apps/site/app/docs/[lib]/player/[4]styling/.tables/attrs-table.md, after:

| Attribute             | Description                                        |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `data-autoplay-error` | Autoplay has failed to start.                      |
| `data-autoplay`       | Autoplay has successfully started.                 |
| `data-can-fullscreen` | Media fullscreen is available.                     |
| `data-can-load`       | Media can begin loading.                           |
| `data-can-pip`        | Picture-in-Picture is available.                   |
| `data-can-play`       | Media is ready to be played.                       |
| `data-ended`          | Playback has reached the end.                      |
| `data-error`          | Issue with media loading/playback.                 |
| `data-fullscreen`     | Media is in fullscreen mode.                       |
| `data-ios-controls`   | iOS media controls are visible.                    |
| `data-live-edge`      | Current time is at the live edge.                  |
| `data-live`           | Media is a live stream.                            |
| `data-loop`           | Media is set to loop back to start on end.         |
| `data-muted`          | Media is muted.                                    |
| `data-paused`         | Playback is in a paused state.                     |
| `data-pip`            | Media is in picture-in-picture mode.               |
| `data-playing`        | Playback has started or resumed.                   |
| `data-playsinline`    | Media should play inline by default (iOS Safari).  |
| `data-seeking`        | Media or user is seeking to new playback position. |
| `data-started`        | Media playback has started.                        |
| `data-user-idle`      | User is not active during playback.                |
| `data-waiting`        | Media is waiting for more data (i.e., buffering).  |
