apps/site/app/docs/[lib]/player/[4]styling/.tables/variants-table.md, before:

| Variant          | Description                                               |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| `autoplay`       | Autoplay has successfully started.                        |
| `autoplay-error` | Autoplay has failed to start.                             |
| `buffering`      | Media is not ready for playback or waiting for more data. |
| `can-fullscreen` | Media fullscreen is available.                            |
| `can-load`       | Media can begin loading.                                  |
| `can-play`       | Media is ready to be played.                              |
| `can-control`    | Media is ready for playback and user is not idle.         |
| `can-seek`       | Whether seeking is permitted for live stream.             |
| `ended`          | Playback has reached the end.                             |
| `error`          | Issue with media loading/playback.                        |
| `fullscreen`     | Media is in fullscreen mode.                              |
| `user-idle`      | User is not active during playback.                       |
| `loop`           | Media is set to loop back to start on end.                |
| `live`           | Media is a live stream.                                   |
| `live-edge`      | Current time is at the live edge.                         |
| `muted`          | Media is muted.                                           |
| `paused`         | Playback is in a paused state.                            |
| `playing`        | Playback has started or resumed.                          |
| `playsinline`    | Media should play inline by default (iOS Safari).         |
| `seeking`        | Media or user is seeking to new playback position.        |
| `started`        | Media playback has started.                               |
| `waiting`        | Media is waiting for more data (i.e., buffering).         |

Commit message:

feat(vidstack): picture-in-picture support
closes #21

apps/site/app/docs/[lib]/player/[4]styling/.tables/variants-table.md, after:

| Variant          | Description                                               |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| `autoplay-error` | Autoplay has failed to start.                             |
| `autoplay`       | Autoplay has successfully started.                        |
| `buffering`      | Media is not ready for playback or waiting for more data. |
| `can-control`    | Media is ready for playback and user is not idle.         |
| `can-fullscreen` | Media fullscreen is available.                            |
| `can-load`       | Media can begin loading.                                  |
| `can-pip`        | Picture-in-Picture is available.                          |
| `can-play`       | Media is ready to be played.                              |
| `can-seek`       | Whether seeking is permitted for live stream.             |
| `ended`          | Playback has reached the end.                             |
| `error`          | Issue with media loading/playback.                        |
| `fullscreen`     | Media is in fullscreen mode.                              |
| `live-edge`      | Current time is at the live edge.                         |
| `live`           | Media is a live stream.                                   |
| `loop`           | Media is set to loop back to start on end.                |
| `muted`          | Media is muted.                                           |
| `paused`         | Playback is in a paused state.                            |
| `pip`            | Media is in picture-in-picture mode.                      |
| `playing`        | Playback has started or resumed.                          |
| `playsinline`    | Media should play inline by default (iOS Safari).         |
| `seeking`        | Media or user is seeking to new playback position.        |
| `started`        | Media playback has started.                               |
| `user-idle`      | User is not active during playback.                       |
| `waiting`        | Media is waiting for more data (i.e., buffering).         |
